Add initial table (#1)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-nomad: docs/index.md

List your Nomad jobs:

```sql
select
  id,
  name,
  status,
  dispatched,
  namespace,
  priority,
  region
from
  nomad_job;
```

```
+------+------+---------+------------+-----------+----------+--------+
| id   | name | status  | dispatched | namespace | priority | region |
+------+------+---------+------------+-----------+----------+--------+
| docs | docs | pending | false      | default   | 50       | global |
+------+------+---------+------------+-----------+----------+--------+
```

## Documentation

- **[Table definitions & examples →](/plugins/turbot/nomad/tables)**

## Quick start

### Install

Download and install the latest Nomad plugin:

```sh
steampipe plugin install nomad
```

### Credentials

| Item        | Description                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Credentials | Nomad requires an Address and Namespace or Address, Namespace and [Secret ID](https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad/tutorials/access-control/access-control-tokens) for all requests.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Credentials | Nomad requires an `address` and `namespace` or `address`, `namespace` and [Secret ID](https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad/tutorials/access-control/access-control-tokens) for all requests.    |
```

connection "nomad" {
  plugin = "nomad"

  # `address` - The address of the Nomad server.
  # Can also be set with the NOMAD_ADDR environment variable.
  # address = "http://18.118.164.168:4646"

  # `namespace` - The Nomad cluster namespace.
  # For more information on the Namespace, please see https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad/tutorials/manage-clusters/namespaces.
  # Can also be set with the NOMAD_NAMESPACE environment variable.
  # "*" indicates all the namespaces available.
  namespace = "*"

  # `secret_id` - The SecretID of an ACL token.
  # The SecretID is required to make requests for ACL-enabled clusters.
  # For more information on the ACL Token, please see https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad/tutorials/access-control/access-control-tokens.
  # Can also be set with the NOMAD_TOKEN environment variable.
  # secret_id = "c178b810-8b18-6f38-016f-725ddec5d58"
}
```

## Configuring Nomad Credentials

You may specify the Address and Namespace to authenticate:

- `address`: The address of the nomad server.
- `namespace`: The Nomad Cluster namespace.

```hcl
connection "nomad" {
  plugin    = "nomad"
  address   = "http://18.118.144.168:4646"
  namespace = "*"
}
```

> or you may specify the Address, Namespace and SecretID to authenticate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you may specify the Address, Namespace and SecretID to authenticate:
```

- `address`: The address of the nomad server.
- `namespace`: The Nomad Cluster namespace.
- `secret_id`: The SecretID of an ACL token.

```hcl
connection "nomad" {
  plugin    = "nomad"
  address   = "http://18.118.144.168:4646"
  namespace = "*"
  secret_id = "c178b810-8b18-6f38-016f-725ddec5d58"
}
```

or through environment variables

> The Nomad plugin will use the Nomad environment variable to obtain credentials **only if the `address`,`namespace` and `secret_id` is not specified** in the connection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the standard Namecheap environment variables to obtain credentials **only if the `address`,`namespace` and `secret_id` is not specified** in the connection:
```

```sh

> export NOMAD_ADDR="http://18.118.144.168:4646"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export NOMAD_ADDR=http://18.118.144.168:4646
```

> export NOMAD_NAMESPACE="*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export NOMAD_NAMESPACE=*
```

> export NOMAD_TOKEN="c178b810-8b18-6f38-016f-725ddec5d58"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export NOMAD_TOKEN=c178b810-8b18-6f38-016f-725ddec5d58
```
